[Docs] Watcher clarification on CSV formulas warning. (#83088)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/notification-settings.asciidoc

Set to `false` to completely disable HTML sanitation. Not recommended.
Defaults to `true`.

`xpack.notification.reporting.warning.kbn-csv-contains-formulas.text`::
(<<dynamic-cluster-setting,Dynamic>>)
Specifies a custom message to be sent if the formula verification criteria

> for CSV files, from {kib}'s {kib-ref}/reporting-settings-kb.html#reporting-csv-settings[`xpack.reporting.csv.checkForFormulas`], is true.

Author: I need some help here.  Could someone please check the Kibana link syntax for me?

I don't know what the correct syntax is for referencing Kibana documentation from within Elasticsearch documentation.  I guessed off another page I found, which was https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.16/how-monitoring-works.html.

Author: Resolved by @lockewritesdocs suggestion.

> for CSV files, from {kib}'s {kib-ref}/reporting-settings-kb.html#reporting-csv-settings[`xpack.reporting.csv.checkForFormulas`], is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for CSV files, from {kib}'s {kibana-ref}/reporting-settings-kb.html#reporting-csv-settings[`xpack.reporting.csv.checkForFormulas`], is true.
```

Reviewer: @a03nikki, your syntax was near perfect! The attribute for Kibana is `{kibana-ref}`, which I added as a suggested change. For future reference, you can find the documentation attributes here: https://github.com/elastic/docs/blob/master/shared/attributes.asciidoc

> Specifies a custom message to be sent if the formula verification criteria
> for CSV files, from {kib}'s {kibana-ref}/reporting-settings-kb.html#reporting-csv-settings[`xpack.reporting.csv.checkForFormulas`], is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a custom message, which is sent if the formula verification criteria
for CSV files from {kib}'s {kibana-ref}/reporting-settings-kb.html#reporting-csv-settings[`xpack.reporting.csv.checkForFormulas`] is `true`.
```

> Use %s in the message as a placeholder for the filename.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `%s` in the message as a placeholder for the filename.
```
